We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our organisation. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of NeMe. The use of the NeMe websites is possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special services via our website, such as posting in the forum, subscribing to our newsletter, or just getting in touch with us, processing of personal data becomes necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.

The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to NeMe. By means of this data protection declaration, our organisation would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.

As the controller, NeMe has implemented <txp::ext txt="numerous" url="https://themarkup.org/blacklight?url=neme.org" /> <txp::ext txt="technical" url="https://securityheaders.com/?q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.neme.org&hide=on" /> and organisational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means.

Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, NeMe takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.

NeMe is a non-profit organisation and no data collected is used for commercial purposes. NeMe sells no products or advertising space, either on or off line and all our events are offered for free. This privacy policy explains how the collected data is used.

h3. Content Disclaimer

Despite careful scrutiny, NeMe and the editors do not guarantee the correctness, relevance, accuracy, suitability, completeness or availability of the information published on this website. 

In the case of material and/or non-material damages resulting from the use of the offered information, absolutely no liability claims directed at NeMe and/or the editors are to be asserted. 

NeMe and the editors reserve the right to change the website in its entirety or in part without notice, or to stop publishing entirely.

h3(#texts). Texts copyright and disclaimer

Copyright to all texts on the www.neme.org and respublica.neme.org sites belongs to the authors and are published here with their permission. As such no text published in this site may be translated, reproduced, republished, photographed or stored on microfilm, in electronic databases, video disks, etc., without first obtaining written permission from the authors. The views expressed in these texts do not necessarily reflect those of NeMe as an organisation or its members.

h3. 1. Definitions

The data protection declaration of NeMe is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our visitors. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.

In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:

h4. a) Personal data

Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ("data subject"). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

h4. b) Data subject

Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing. 

h4. c) Processing

Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. 

h4. d) Restriction of processing

Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.

h4. e) Profiling

Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.

h4. f) Pseudonymisation

Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.

h4. g) Controller responsible for the processing

Controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law. 

h4. h) Processor

Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.

h4. i) Recipient

Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.

h4. j) Third party

Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.

h4. k) Consent

Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her. 

h3. 2. Name and Address of the controller

Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:

NeMe
 poBox 50325 
3603 Limassol
 Cyprus
Websites: www.neme.org, forum.neme.org, respublica.neme.org.

h3. 3. External Links

NeMe is not responsible for external websites to which this site (and its subdomains) offers links. Although the editors examined these external webpages at the time of creating the link, we have no influence upon changes of address or content that may occur at a later time, and is also not in a position to verify them continuously. The supplier of the pages alone is liable for illegal or faulty content and information on such external websites.

Links to other websites are inserted for convenience and do not constitute endorsement of material at those sites, or any associated organisation, product or service. The listings in any part of this website (and its subdomains) in no way implies any form of endorsement by NeMe of the products or services provided by that linked site.

External links reside in various servers. This means that you may encounter some 404 or other errors.

As urls are updated or even change hands, the content of external linked sites may change dramatically and they may not include the content that originally prompted us to include them on our site.

In addition, these sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Websites, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.

h3. 4. Cookies

The NeMe websites use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser. No cookies are loaded in this website without the consent of the data-subject.

Most Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the data subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific Internet browser can be recognised and identified using the unique cookie ID.

Through the use of cookies, NeMe can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.

NeMe uses 4 kind of cookies

* Session cookies: Set in our forum and assists in keeping its members logged in
* Preferences cookies: Set to obtain the permission from our visitors to load analytics and 3rd party cookies 
* Analytics cookies: Set by our analytics software 
* 3rd party cookies: Set by our content providers 

By means of a cookie, the information on our website can be optimised with the user in mind. This includes the technologies NeMe uses to serve the site and what version browsers we support. 

Third party cookies are used in this website from Facebook, Twitter, SoundCloud, Mixcloud, Youtube, and Vimeo but none of these are loaded without the data-subject's consent. 

A list of cookies served by our websites can be found on ==<a rel="nofollow" href="<txp:permlink id=2181 />"><txp:permlink id=2181 /></a>==.

h3. 5. Collection of general data and information

On the data subject's approval, the NeMe websites  collect a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the websites and accepts our cookie policy. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be 

# the browser types and versions used, 
# the operating system used by the accessing system, 
# the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers),
# the sub-websites,
# the date and time of access to the Internet site, 
# an Internet protocol address (IP address),
# the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and
# any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.

When using these general data and information, NeMe does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to 

# deliver the content of our website correctly,
# ensure the proper delivery of our site to most browsers our visitors use,
# optimise the content of our website,
# ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and
# provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack,


Therefore, NeMe analyses anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our organisation, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.

h3. 6. Subscription to our newsletters

On the website of NeMe, users are given the opportunity to subscribe to our organisation's newsletter. The input mask used for this purpose determines what personal data are transmitted, as well as when the newsletter is ordered from the controller.

NeMe informs its visitors and supporters by means of an infrequent newsletter about:

* the cultural events it organises, 
* the cultural events it participates in 
* artists' calls for entry. 

The organisation's newsletter may only be received by the data subject if 

# the data subject has a valid e-mail address and 
# the data subject registers to the NeMe newsletter.

During the registration for the newsletter, we also store the IP address of the computer system assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject at the time of the registration, as well as the date and time of the registration. The collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of the e-mail address of a data subject at a later date, and it therefore serves the aim of the legal protection of NeMe.

The personal data collected as part of a registration for the newsletter will only be used to send our newsletter. In addition, subscribers to the newsletter may be informed by e-mail, as long as this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or a registration in question, as this could be the case in the event of modifications to the newsletter, or in the event of a change in technical circumstances. There will be no transfer of personal data collected by the newsletter service to third parties. The subscription to our newsletter may be easily terminated by the data subject at any time. The consent to the storage of personal data, which the data subject has given for receiving the newsletter, may be revoked at any time. For the purpose of revocation of consent, a corresponding link is found in each newsletter.

h3. 6a. Newsletter-Tracking

The newsletter of NeMe does not contain any tracking technologies and as such no statistical analysis of the success or failure of our newsletter campaigns is carried out.

h3. 7. Registering and posting in the NeMe forum

On the website of NeMe, users are given the opportunity to register to our organisation's online forum where the controller is responsible to manually approve any new registrations. This method protects the forum from spammers, bots and trolls.

To register in the forum a valid email address and a user name need to be submitted and the IP is logged. The forum software also allows members to share other personal information in their profile as well as the visibility of their submitted email address and other personal information. By default, the forum software hides all personal information but allows contact between members via an online contact form. Users of the NeMe forum can choose to disable any contact from the other members of the forum. As with all such software, administrators and moderators of the forum can access all personal information but they make no use of it, commercial or otherwise.

Only approved members are allowed to post to the forum but there are no qualitative criteria for those posts. As such NeMe can not be held responsible in any way for any inaccurate information posted by the forum members.

More information about the forum software can be found on <txp::ext url="https://punbb.informer.com/" txt="punbb.informer.com" />.

h3. 8. Contact possibility via the website

The website of NeMe contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our organisation. If a data subject contacts the controller via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.

h3. 9. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data

The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.

If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.

h3. 10. Rights of the data subject

h4. a) Right of confirmation

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail him/her-self of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact NeMe.

h4. b) Right of access

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:

* the purposes of the processing;
* the categories of personal data concerned;
* the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
* where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
* the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
* the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
* where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
* the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
* Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.

If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may, at any time, contact the controller.

h4. c) Right to rectification

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.

If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact the controller.

h4. d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:

* The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
* The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
* The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
* The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
* The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
* The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
* If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by NeMe, he or she may, at any time, contact the controller. The controller shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.

Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. the controller of NeMe will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases. 

h4. e) Right of restriction of processing

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:

* The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
* The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
* The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
* The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
* If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by NeMe, he or she may at any time contact the controller. The controller of NeMe will arrange the restriction of the processing.

h4. f) Right to data portability

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.

Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact the controller of NeMe.

h4. g) Right to object

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.

NeMe shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.

If NeMe processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to NeMe to the processing for direct marketing purposes, NeMe will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.

In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by NeMe for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.

In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact the controller of NeMe. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications. 

h4. h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.

If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, NeMe shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.

If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may, at any time, contact the controller of NeMe. 

h4. i) Right to withdraw data protection consent

Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.

If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may, at any time, contact the controller of NeMe. 

h3. 11. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Facebook

On this website, the controller has integrated components of Facebook. Facebook is a social network.

A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.

The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States. If a person lives outside of the United States or Canada, the controller is the Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component. An overview of all the Facebook Plug-ins may be accessed under <a rel="external" href="https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/">developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/</a>. During the course of this technical procedure, Facebook is made aware of what specific sub-site of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject - and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site - which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.g. the "Like" button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then Facebook matches this information with the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If such a transmission of information to Facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Facebook account before a call-up to our website is made.

The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at <a rel="external" href="https://facebook.com/about/privacy/">facebook.com/about/privacy/</a>, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook. These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook.

<txp:hide>h3. 12. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Analytics (with anonymisation function)

On this website, the controller has integrated the component of Google Analytics (with the anonymiser function). Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behaviour of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed. Web analytics are used for the optimisation of this website.

The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.

For the web analytics through Google Analytics the controller uses the application "_gat. _anonymizeIp". By means of this application the IP address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridged by Google and anonymised when accessing our websites from a Member State of the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.

The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyse the traffic on our website. Google uses the collected data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our Internet site for us.

Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyse the use of our website. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google Analytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google. During the course of this technical procedure,Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.

The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to our Internet site, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.

The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.

In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. For this purpose, the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link <a rel="external" href="https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout">tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout</a> and install it. This browser add-on tells Google Analytics through a JavaScript, that any data and information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google. If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics. If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons.

Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under <a rel="external" href="https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/">www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/</a> and under <a rel="external" href="http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html">www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html</a>. Google Analytics is further explained under the following Link <a rel="external" href="https://www.google.com/analytics/">www.google.com/analytics/</a>. </txp:hide>

h3. 12. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Maps

On this website, the controller has integrated the component of Google Maps. Google Maps is a web mapping service developed by Google. It offers satellite imagery, street maps, 360° panoramic views of streets (Street View), real-time traffic conditions (Google Traffic), and route planning for traveling by foot, car, bicycle, or public transportation.

The operator of the Google Maps component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.

By means of this application the IP address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridged by Google when accessing our websites from a Member State of the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.

The Google Maps component is used in our sites to pinpoint specific addresses for NeMe events and projects.

Google maps places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyse the use of Google Maps in our websites. With each call-up to any of the individual pages of our Internet sites, where the Google maps component is intergrated, the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google Maps component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google. During the course of this technical procedure,Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.

The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to our Internet site, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.

The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google Maps from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google Maps may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.

In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that are generated by Google Maps, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. For this purpose, the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link <a rel="external" href="https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout">tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout</a> and install it. This browser add-on tells Google through a JavaScript, that any data and information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to Google. The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google. If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable tracking by Google. If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons.

Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under <a rel="external" href="https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/">www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/</a> and under <a rel="external" href="https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/">www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/</a>. Google Maps is further explained under the following Link <a rel="external" href="https://www.google.com/maps/about/">www.google.com/maps/about/</a>.

h3. 13. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Twitter

On this website, the controller has integrated components of Twitter. Twitter is a multilingual, publicly-accessible microblogging service on which users may publish and spread so-called 'tweets,' e.g. short messages, which are limited to 140 characters. These short messages are available for everyone, including those who are not logged on to Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user's tweets. Furthermore, Twitter allows you to address a wide audience via hashtags, links or retweets.

The operating company of Twitter is Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Twitter component (Twitter button) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Twitter component of Twitter. Further information about the Twitter buttons is available under <a rel="external" href="https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons">about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons</a>. During the course of this technical procedure, Twitter gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. The purpose of the integration of the Twitter component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and increase our visitor numbers.

If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Twitter, Twitter detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Twitter component and associated with the respective Twitter account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Twitter buttons integrated on our website, then Twitter assigns this information to the personal Twitter user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.

Twitter receives information via the Twitter component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in on Twitter at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the Twitter component or not. If such a transmission of information to Twitter is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Twitter account before a call-up to our website is made.

The applicable data protection provisions of Twitter may be accessed under <a rel="external" href="https://twitter.com/privacy">twitter.com/privacy</a>.

h3. 14. Data protection provisions about the application and use of YouTube

On this website, the controller has integrated components of YouTube. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.

The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, UNITED STATES. The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component. Further information about YouTube may be obtained under <a rel="external" href="https://www.youtube.com/yt/about/en/">www.youtube.com/yt/about/en/</a>. During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in on YouTube, YouTube recognises with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a YouTube video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.

YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on YouTube; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not. If such a transmission of this information to YouTube and Google is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own YouTube account before a call-up to our website is made.

YouTube's data protection provisions, available at <a rel="external" href="https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/">www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/</a>, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.

h3. 15. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Vimeo

On this website, the controller has integrated components of Vimeo. Vimeo is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. Vimeo allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.

The operating company of Vimeo is Vimeo, Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, UNITED STATES.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Vimeo component (Vimeo video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Vimeo component. Further information about Vimeo may be obtained under <a rel="external" href="https://vimeo.com/about">vimeo.com/about</a>. During the course of this technical procedure, Vimeo gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in on Vimeo, Vimeo recognises with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a Vimeo video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by Vimeo and assigned to the respective Vimeo account of the data subject.

Vimeo will receive information through the vimeo component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on Vimeo; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a Vimeo video or not. If such a transmission of this information to Vimeo is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own Vimeo account before a call-up to our website is made.

Vimeo's data protection provisions, available at <a rel="external" href="https://vimeo.com/privacy">vimeo.com/privacy</a>, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Vimeo.

h3. 16. Data protection provisions about the application and use of SoundCloud

On this website, the controller has integrated components of SoundCloud. SoundCloud is an Internet sound portal that enables sound and music publishers to set sound clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free listening, review and commenting on them. SoundCloud allows you to publish all kinds of audio files, so you can access both full recordings and broadcasts, as well as music, interviews, and other audio made by users via the Internet portal.

The operating company of SoundCloud is SoundCloud Limited, Rheinsberger Str. 76/77, 10115 Berlin, Germany.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a SoundCloud component (SoundCloud audio) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding SoundCloud component. Further information about SoundCloud may be obtained under soundcloud.com/imprint. During the course of this technical procedure, SoundCloud gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in on SoundCloud, SoundCloud recognises with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a SoundCloud audio, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by SoundCloud and assigned to the respective SoundCloud account of the data subject.

SoundCloud will receive information through the SoundCloud component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on SoundCloud; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a SoundCloud audio component or not. If such a transmission of this information to SoundCloud is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own SoundCloud account before a call-up to our website is made.

SoundCloud's data protection provisions, available at <a rel="external" href="https://soundcloud.com/pages/privacy">soundcloud.com/pages/privacy</a>, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by SoundCloud.

h3. 17. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Mixcloud

On this website, the controller has integrated components of Mixcloud. Mixcloud is an Internet audio streaming platform hosting radio for listeners, curators, and brands. Mixcloud allows you to publish all kinds of audio files, so you can access both full recordings and broadcasts, as well as music, interviews, and other audio made by users via the platform.

The operating company of Mixcloud is: Mixcloud Limited (Company Number: 06710137), 96 Leonard Street, London, EC2A 4RH.

With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a Mixcloud component (Mixcloud audio) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Mixcloud component. Further information about Mixcloud may be obtained under www.mixcloud.com/about/. During the course of this technical procedure, Mixcloud gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.

If the data subject is logged in on Mixcloud, Mixcloud recognises with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a Mixcloud audio, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by Mixcloud and assigned to the respective Mixcloud account of the data subject.

Mixcloud will receive information through the Mixcloud component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on Mixcloud; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a SoundCloud audio component or not. If such a transmission of this information to Mixcloud is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own Mixcloud account before a call-up to our website is made.

Mixcloud's data protection provisions, available at <a rel="external" href="https://www.mixcloud.com/privacy/">mixcloud.com/privacy/</a>, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Mixcloud.

h3. 18. Ad Servers

NeMe does not partner with or have a special or any other relationship with any ad server companies.

h3. 19. Legal basis for the processing

Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our organisation subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfilment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our organisation and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our organisation or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).

h3. 20. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party

Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. our legitimate interest is to carry out our projects in favour of our audience.

h3. 21. Period for which the personal data will be stored

The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfilment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.

h3. 22. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data

We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our organisation signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact the controller. The controller clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.

h3. 23. Existence of automated decision-making

As a responsible organisation, we do not use so called algorithmic or automatic decision-making or profiling.

h3. 24. Changes to this privacy policy

NeMe has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When it does, the date at the bottom of this page is updated. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. A history of all the modifications to this policy can be viewed on <txp::ext url="https://github.com/colak/neme/blame/master/privacy.txt" txt="github" />.

 <hr />

The basis of this Privacy Policy has been generated by the <txp::ext txt="Privacy Policy Generator" url="https://dsgvo-muster-datenschutzerklaerung.dg-datenschutz.de/?lang=en" /> of the <a rel="external" href="https://dg-datenschutz.de/?lang=en">German Association for Data Protection</a> that was developed in cooperation with <a rel="external" href="http://remarketing.company/">RC GmbH</a>, which sells used IT and the filesharing Lawyers from WBS-LAW and edited to cohere to NeMe's use of technologies.

p>. Last modified: ==<txp:modified format="%d %B %G" />; <txp:modified format="%r" />==
